Design the Students Mentoring Portal website for Navodaya Institute of Technology faculties.
The website include Navodaya Institute of Technology logo
The website start with entering students details like name and class and section and mentor details like name and designation and department at the beginning.

after entering all the student and mentor details the website should goto a separate page to collect the below details of the student for every subject in horizontal table format. 

Then the following parameters should be included separately as in table format for every subject,

Subject name with code	
Teaching Faculty Name 
Weaknesses in the Subject	
Class Work & Assignments Marks 
Internal Assessment Performance	in terms of Marks
Expected Outcome     	
Mentor Remarks with Action Plan to Achieve the Outcome	
Current Status of previous Outcome

after collecting all the details from the student the site should goto another page to collect the following details in table format
Another data collection section will come including the following 

Other parameters 

Academic Track so far
(Mention SGPA- Sem-wise)

Attendance and alerts given to students/parents if any

Skill possession: (Based on Assessment Tests)
1.	Technical
2.	Aptitude

Currently learning Programming Skills

Participation in co-curricular activities (workshop/ seminar/ guest lectures etc.)

Participations in Extra-Curricular Activities (Sports/ Cultural/ NSS etc.)

Ranks/ Awards/ Rewards received at College/University level 
Any involvement in In-disciplinary activities 

Latest Health Graph

No. of times parents Visited to college and department

Any other (Academic/Non-Academic related issues) identified & rectified:

Finally the entire datasheet should come as downloadable pdf format. The PDF document should include college name with logo and department name as header. after that student details and mentor details
all the remining data should come as neat table format. 